c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\CLINICAH.exe.config
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\CLINICAH.exe
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\CLINICAH.pdb
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.mdiPrincipal.resources
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.exe
c:\users\michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.pdb
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicos.exe
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Pacientes.exe
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicos.pdb
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicos.exe.config
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Pacientes.pdb
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Pacientes.exe.config
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Consulta.exe
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Login.exe
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.exe
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.exe
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Resources.dll
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Consulta.pdb
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Consulta.exe.config
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Login.pdb
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Login.exe.config
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.pdb
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.exe.config
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.pdb
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.exe.config
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Resources.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\CLINICAH.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\CLINICAH.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\CLINICAH.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Consulta.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Login.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicos.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Pacientes.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Resources.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Consulta.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Consulta.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Login.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Login.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicos.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicos.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Pacientes.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Pacientes.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Resources.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.mdiPrincipal.resources
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\CLINICAH.exe.config
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.exe
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\CLINICAH.exe
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\CLINICAH.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Consulta.exe
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Login.exe
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.exe
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicos.exe
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Pacientes.exe
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.exe
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Resources.dll
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.PostgreSql.dll
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.dll
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Consulta.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Login.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicos.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Pacientes.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Resources.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.PostgreSql.xml
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.mdiPrincipal.resources
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\CLINICAH.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\CLINICAH.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\CLINICAH.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Consulta.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Login.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicos.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Pacientes.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Resources.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.PostgreSql.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Consulta.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Consulta.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Login.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Login.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicos.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Medicos.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Pacientes.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Pacientes.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Resources.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.PostgreSql.xml
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.mdiPrincipal.resources
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\CLINICAH\obj\Debug\CLINICAH.pdb
