c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe.config
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Login.pdb
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.exe
c:\Users\Michelle\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Login.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.frmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Consulta.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Medicos.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Resources.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Consulta.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Consulta.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Medicos.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Medicos.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Resources.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Pacientes.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Pacientes.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Pacientes.exe.config
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe.config
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Login.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Consulta.exe
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.dll
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.PostgreSql.dll
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.exe
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Medicos.exe
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Pacientes.exe
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.exe
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Resources.dll
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Consulta.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Medicos.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Pacientes.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Resources.pdb
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.PostgreSql.xml
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.frmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.exe
C:\Users\Benjamin\Source\Repos\CLINICAH\Login\obj\Debug\Login.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Login.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Login.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Consulta.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.PostgreSql.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Medicos.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Pacientes.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Resources.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Consulta.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Consulta.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Medicamentos y Suministros.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Medicos.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Medicos.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Pacientes.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Pacientes.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Procedimientos.exe.config
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Resources.pdb
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Devart.Data.PostgreSql.xml
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\obj\Debug\Login.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\obj\Debug\Login.frmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\obj\Debug\Login.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\obj\Debug\Login.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\obj\Debug\Login.exe
C:\Users\Michelle\Source\Repos\CLINICAH2\Login\obj\Debug\Login.pdb
